docs/slack.adoc, before:

= Valet

== Integration with Slack

Before the integration with Slack could be set up a server exposed to the
Internet is required. This is done with Ngrok.

=== Ngrok

https://ngrok.com

Sign up or login to https://ngrok.com. Copy Authtoken from the
https://dashboard.ngrok.com/get-started/your-authtoken[dashboard].

[source, bash]
----
$ brew install ngrok
$ ngrok config add-authtoken 25vCWkdk[..]xyz
$ ngrok http https://127.0.0.1:8000 --host-header="127.0.0.1:8000"
----

The address exposed by Ngrok is used in the Slack integration while creating a
new Slack app.

=== Slack

Go to https://api.slack.com/apps and create a new app from an app manifest.
Change the url to the one exposed dynamically by Ngrok.

[source, yaml]
----
display_information:
  name: Valet
features:
  app_home:
    home_tab_enabled: true
    messages_tab_enabled: false
    messages_tab_read_only_enabled: true
  bot_user:
    display_name: Valet
    always_online: true
  slash_commands:
    - command: /parking
      url: https://87ff-89-64-1-231.eu.ngrok.io/slack/events
      description: Tell the Valet what to do
      usage_hint: "[command] [args]"
      should_escape: false
oauth_config:
  scopes:
    bot:
      - im:history
      - im:write
      - im:read
      - chat:write
      - commands
settings:
  event_subscriptions:
    request_url: https://87ff-89-64-1-231.eu.ngrok.io/slack/events
    bot_events:
      - app_home_opened
  org_deploy_enabled: false
  socket_mode_enabled: false
  token_rotation_enabled: false

----

The resource `/slack/events` is created by default in the Bolt app:

[source, python]
----
from slack_bolt.async_app import AsyncApp
app = AsyncApp()

def app_factory():
    return app.web_app(path='/slack/events')
----

You can run the app with a development server:

[source, bash]
----
adev runserver \
    --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8000 \
    --app-factory app_factory \
    bot.py
----

=== References

* Start: https://api.slack.com (Your apps)
* Start learning: https://api.slack.com/start
* Building with Python: https://api.slack.com/start/building/bolt-python

* Bolt: https://slack.dev/bolt-python/concepts
* Bolt examples: https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-python/tree/main/examples

* Slack Developer Tools: https://sdt.builtbyslack.com

Commit message:

Regenerate tokens and update docs

docs/slack.adoc, after:

= Valet

== Integration with Slack

Before the integration with Slack could be set up a server exposed to the
Internet is required. This is done with Ngrok.

=== Ngrok

https://ngrok.com

Sign up or login to https://ngrok.com. Copy Authtoken from the
https://dashboard.ngrok.com/get-started/your-authtoken[dashboard].

[source, bash]
----
$ brew install ngrok
$ ngrok config add-authtoken 25vCWkdk[..]xyz
$ ngrok http https://127.0.0.1:8000 --host-header="127.0.0.1:8000"
----

The address exposed by Ngrok is used in the Slack integration while creating a
new Slack app.

=== Slack

Go to https://api.slack.com/apps and create a new app from an app manifest.
Change the url to the one exposed dynamically by Ngrok.

[source, yaml]
----
display_information:
  name: Valet
features:
  app_home:
    home_tab_enabled: true
    messages_tab_enabled: false
    messages_tab_read_only_enabled: true
  bot_user:
    display_name: Valet
    always_online: true
  slash_commands:
    - command: /parking
      url: https://87ff-89-64-1-231.eu.ngrok.io/slack/events
      description: Tell the Valet what to do
      usage_hint: "[command] [args]"
      should_escape: false
oauth_config:
  scopes:
    bot:
      - im:history
      - im:write
      - im:read
      - chat:write
      - commands
settings:
  event_subscriptions:
    request_url: https://87ff-89-64-1-231.eu.ngrok.io/slack/events
    bot_events:
      - app_home_opened
  org_deploy_enabled: false
  socket_mode_enabled: false
  token_rotation_enabled: false

----

The resource `/slack/events` is created by default in the Bolt app:

[source, python]
----
from slack_bolt.async_app import AsyncApp
app = AsyncApp()

def app_factory():
    return app.web_app(path='/slack/events')
----

You can run the app with a development server:

[source, bash]
----
adev runserver \
    --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8000 \
    --app-factory app_factory \
    bot.py
----

==== Security tokens

Credentials are required to connect to Slack. You may need to reinstall the
Slack app into the workspace for credentials to be generated and shown.

Go to _Your Apps_ -> _Basic Information_. In _App Credentials_ section you can
find _Signing Secret_.

Go to _Your Apps_ -> _OAuth & Permissions_. In _OAuth Tokens for Your
Workspace_ section you can find _Bot User OAuth Token_.

Either export these in the shell before running the app:

[source, bash]
----
$ export SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET=ab1234
$ export SLACK_BOT_TOKEN=xoxb-cd5678
----

or pass them while creating an app object:

[source, python]
----
app = AsyncApp(
    token='xoxb-cd5678',
    signing_secret='ab1234'
)
----

=== References

* Start: https://api.slack.com (Your apps)
* Start learning: https://api.slack.com/start
* Building with Python: https://api.slack.com/start/building/bolt-python

* Bolt: https://slack.dev/bolt-python/concepts
* Bolt examples: https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-python/tree/main/examples

* Slack Developer Tools: https://sdt.builtbyslack.com
